packages/data-loader/README.md, before:

# kintone-data-loader

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40kintone%2Fdata-loader.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40kintone%2Fdata-loader)

A kintone record importer and exporter.

**THIS IS EXPERIMENTAL. DON'T USE THIS FOR PRODUCTION.**

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [import](#import)
    - [Options](#options)
  - [export](#export)
    - [Options](#options-1)
- [Supported file formats](#supported-file-formats)
  - [JSON format](#json-format)
  - [CSV format](#csv-format)
- [LICENSE](#license)

## Installation

```
$ npm install -g @kintone/data-loader
```

You can use also npx instead of installing @kintone/data-loader as global.

## Usage

### import

`import` command allows you to import record data into a specified kintone app.

```
$ kintone-data-loader \
import \
--base-url https://${yourDomain} \
--username ${yourLoginName} \
--password ${yourPassword} \
--app ${kintoneAppId} \
--file-path ${filepath}
```

#### Options

Some options use enviroment variables starting `KINTONE_` as default values.

```
Options:
  --version              Show version number                           [boolean]
  --help                 Show help                                     [boolean]
  --base-url             Kintone Base Url            [default: KINTONE_BASE_URL]
  --username, -u         Kintone Username            [default: KINTONE_USERNAME]
  --password, -p         Kintone Password            [default: KINTONE_PASSWORD]
  --api-token            App's API token            [default: KINTONE_API_TOKEN]
  --basic-auth-username  Kintone Basic Auth Username
                                          [default: KINTONE_BASIC_AUTH_USERNAME]
  --basic-auth-password  Kintone Basic Auth Password
                                          [default: KINTONE_BASIC_AUTH_PASSWORD]
  --app                  The ID of the app
  --guest-space-id       The ID of guest space [default: KINTONE_GUEST_SPACE_ID]
  --file-path            The path to source file. ".json" or ".csv"
  --pfx-file-path        The path to client certificate file
  --pfx-file-password    The password of client certificate file
```

### export

`export` command allows you to export record data from a specified kintone app.

```
$ kintone-data-loader \
export \
--base-url https://${yourDomain} \
--username ${yourLoginName} \
--password ${yourPassword} \
--app ${kintoneAppId} \
> ${filepath}
```

#### Options

Some options use enviroment variables starting `KINTONE_` as default values.

```
Options:
  --version              Show version number                           [boolean]
  --help                 Show help                                     [boolean]
  --base-url             Kintone Base Url            [default: KINTONE_BASE_URL]
  --username, -u         Kintone Username            [default: KINTONE_USERNAME]
  --password, -p         Kintone Password            [default: KINTONE_PASSWORD]
  --api-token            App's API token            [default: KINTONE_API_TOKEN]
  --basic-auth-username  Kintone Basic Auth Username
                                          [default: KINTONE_BASIC_AUTH_USERNAME]
  --basic-auth-password  Kintone Basic Auth Password
                                          [default: KINTONE_BASIC_AUTH_PASSWORD]
  --app                  The ID of the app
  --guest-space-id       The ID of guest space [default: KINTONE_GUEST_SPACE_ID]
  --attachment-dir       Attachment file directory                      [string]
  --format               Output format. "json" or "csv"        [default: "json"]
  --query, -q            The query string
  --pfx-file-path        The path to client certificate file
  --pfx-file-password    The password of client certificate file
```

## Supported file formats

data-loader supports JSON and CSV for both import/export commands.  
When import, it determines the format automatically by the extension of the file (specified by `--file-path` option).  
When export, you can specify the format by specifying `--format` option.

Here are the detailed format of each file:

### JSON format

The format of JSON file is the same as Get/Add/Update records REST API.

```json
[
  {
    "FieldCode1": {
      "type": "SINGLE_LINE_TEXT",
      "value": "foo"
    },
    "Created_by": {
      "type": "CREATOR",
      "value": {
        "code": "Administrator",
        "name": "Administrator"
      }
    },
    ...
  },
  {
    ...
  },
  ...
]
```

### CSV format

The first row (header row) lists the **field codes** of each field.  
Each subsequent row corresponds to a record. Each value represents the value of the field.

```csv
"$id","FieldCode1","FieldCode2"
"1","foo","bar"
"2","baz","qux"
```

Here are considerations for some field types:

#### Text area

If the value contains line break, enclose the value in double quotes.

```csv
"TextAreaField"
"multi
line
text"
```

#### Check box, Multi-choice

Specify multiple values divided by line break.

```csv
"CheckboxField"
"value1
value2"
```

#### Created by, Updated by

Specify the user's login name (equivalent to `value.code` in REST API).

```csv
"Created_by"
"John"
```

## LICENSE

- [MIT](https://github.com/kintone/js-sdk/blob/master/packages/data-loader/LICENSE)

Commit message:

docs: list the features that are not supported currently

packages/data-loader/README.md, after:

# kintone-data-loader

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40kintone%2Fdata-loader.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40kintone%2Fdata-loader)

A kintone record importer and exporter.

**THIS IS EXPERIMENTAL. DON'T USE THIS FOR PRODUCTION.**

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [import](#import)
    - [Options](#options)
  - [export](#export)
    - [Options](#options-1)
- [Supported file formats](#supported-file-formats)
  - [JSON format](#json-format)
  - [CSV format](#csv-format)
- [LICENSE](#license)

## :warning: Current limitations

These features are not supported yet. We plan to support them in the future release.

- Export attachments of fields in table field
- Import attachemnts
- Update records when importing
- When using CSV format, the following fields are not supported
  - User selection, Group selection, Department selection
  - Fields in table field

## Installation

```
$ npm install -g @kintone/data-loader
```

You can use also npx instead of installing @kintone/data-loader as global.

## Usage

### import

`import` command allows you to import record data into a specified kintone app.

```
$ kintone-data-loader \
import \
--base-url https://${yourDomain} \
--username ${yourLoginName} \
--password ${yourPassword} \
--app ${kintoneAppId} \
--file-path ${filepath}
```

#### Options

Some options use enviroment variables starting `KINTONE_` as default values.

```
Options:
  --version              Show version number                           [boolean]
  --help                 Show help                                     [boolean]
  --base-url             Kintone Base Url            [default: KINTONE_BASE_URL]
  --username, -u         Kintone Username            [default: KINTONE_USERNAME]
  --password, -p         Kintone Password            [default: KINTONE_PASSWORD]
  --api-token            App's API token            [default: KINTONE_API_TOKEN]
  --basic-auth-username  Kintone Basic Auth Username
                                          [default: KINTONE_BASIC_AUTH_USERNAME]
  --basic-auth-password  Kintone Basic Auth Password
                                          [default: KINTONE_BASIC_AUTH_PASSWORD]
  --app                  The ID of the app
  --guest-space-id       The ID of guest space [default: KINTONE_GUEST_SPACE_ID]
  --file-path            The path to source file. ".json" or ".csv"
  --pfx-file-path        The path to client certificate file
  --pfx-file-password    The password of client certificate file
```

### export

`export` command allows you to export record data from a specified kintone app.

```
$ kintone-data-loader \
export \
--base-url https://${yourDomain} \
--username ${yourLoginName} \
--password ${yourPassword} \
--app ${kintoneAppId} \
> ${filepath}
```

#### Options

Some options use enviroment variables starting `KINTONE_` as default values.

```
Options:
  --version              Show version number                           [boolean]
  --help                 Show help                                     [boolean]
  --base-url             Kintone Base Url            [default: KINTONE_BASE_URL]
  --username, -u         Kintone Username            [default: KINTONE_USERNAME]
  --password, -p         Kintone Password            [default: KINTONE_PASSWORD]
  --api-token            App's API token            [default: KINTONE_API_TOKEN]
  --basic-auth-username  Kintone Basic Auth Username
                                          [default: KINTONE_BASIC_AUTH_USERNAME]
  --basic-auth-password  Kintone Basic Auth Password
                                          [default: KINTONE_BASIC_AUTH_PASSWORD]
  --app                  The ID of the app
  --guest-space-id       The ID of guest space [default: KINTONE_GUEST_SPACE_ID]
  --attachment-dir       Attachment file directory                      [string]
  --format               Output format. "json" or "csv"        [default: "json"]
  --query, -q            The query string
  --pfx-file-path        The path to client certificate file
  --pfx-file-password    The password of client certificate file
```

## Supported file formats

data-loader supports JSON and CSV for both import/export commands.  
When import, it determines the format automatically by the extension of the file (specified by `--file-path` option).  
When export, you can specify the format by specifying `--format` option.

Here are the detailed format of each file:

### JSON format

The format of JSON file is the same as Get/Add/Update records REST API.

```json
[
  {
    "FieldCode1": {
      "type": "SINGLE_LINE_TEXT",
      "value": "foo"
    },
    "Created_by": {
      "type": "CREATOR",
      "value": {
        "code": "Administrator",
        "name": "Administrator"
      }
    },
    ...
  },
  {
    ...
  },
  ...
]
```

### CSV format

The first row (header row) lists the **field codes** of each field.  
Each subsequent row corresponds to a record. Each value represents the value of the field.

```csv
"$id","FieldCode1","FieldCode2"
"1","foo","bar"
"2","baz","qux"
```

Here are considerations for some field types:

#### Text area

If the value contains line break, enclose the value in double quotes.

```csv
"TextAreaField"
"multi
line
text"
```

#### Check box, Multi-choice

Specify multiple values divided by line break.

```csv
"CheckboxField"
"value1
value2"
```

#### Created by, Updated by

Specify the user's login name (equivalent to `value.code` in REST API).

```csv
"Created_by"
"John"
```

## LICENSE

- [MIT](https://github.com/kintone/js-sdk/blob/master/packages/data-loader/LICENSE)
